Added documentation (#20)
virelay/virelay: docs/source/user-guide/how-to-analyze-classifiers-and-datasets.rst

This guide is based on an analysis that was performed on a Fisher vector classifier trained on the `Pascal VOC 2007 <http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/voc2007/>`_ dataset. A detailed analysis of this problem can be found in :cite:p:`lapuschkin2019cleverhans`. When opening the project, the familiar user interface is displayed, which can be seen in Figure 1.

.. figure:: ../../images/user-guide/how-to-analyze-classifiers-and-datasets/fisher-vector-classifier-pascal-voc-project.png
    :alt: Fisher Vector Classifier Pascal VOC Project
    :align: center

    Figure 1: The initial screen when opening the ViRelAy project for the Fisher vector classifier trained on Pascal VOC 2007.

> When first starting the analysis of the data, it is often a good starting point to get a feel for the data, e.g., by looking at the different categories (in this project, the categories correspond to the classes of the Pascal VOC 2007 dataset) using different kinds of embeddings. Depending on the project, the different embedding methods are better suited to find defects in the classifier or the dataset. In this case the t-SNE embedding method seems to produce a more sensible form of embedding, while the spectral embeddings are rather uninformative.

Author: Accepted

> Also, one should examine the different clusterings of the embeddings. In this example, the t-SNE embeddings were clustered using *k*-means clustering with different values for *k*. Since the embeddings are over the attributions, the different clusters can be interpreted as different classification strategies of the classifier. In some projects, the clusterings shed the most light on the different classification strategies of the classifier, while in other projects, the visual clustering implicitly generated by the embedding is more informative. In this case, the *k*-means clustering does not seem to contain much information, so the visual clustering of the t-SNE embedding should be investigated further Therefore, in the next step the different categories are investigated by looking for small clusters in the t-SNE embedding that stick out. Some of the categories have a very homogeneous embedding, while others are more heterogeneous and seem to have outliers. For example, compare the t-SNE embedding for the class bird with the embedding for the class horse in Figure 2.

Author: This would also explain, why the clustering does not make much sense when looking at the t-SNE embeddings.

> Also, one should examine the different clusterings of the embeddings. In this example, the t-SNE embeddings were clustered using *k*-means clustering with different values for *k*. Since the embeddings are over the attributions, the different clusters can be interpreted as different classification strategies of the classifier. In some projects, the clusterings shed the most light on the different classification strategies of the classifier, while in other projects, the visual clustering implicitly generated by the embedding is more informative. In this case, the *k*-means clustering does not seem to contain much information, so the visual clustering of the t-SNE embedding should be investigated further Therefore, in the next step the different categories are investigated by looking for small clusters in the t-SNE embedding that stick out. Some of the categories have a very homogeneous embedding, while others are more heterogeneous and seem to have outliers. For example, compare the t-SNE embedding for the class bird with the embedding for the class horse in Figure 2.

Author: Accepted

.. figure:: ../../images/user-guide/how-to-analyze-classifiers-and-datasets/input-sample-inspection.png
    :alt: Visual Inspection of an Input Sample of Class Horse
    :align: center

    Figure 3: The visual inspection of the input image of a sample of the class horse.

At first glance the image looks like a regular photo of a horse and there is no obvious feature in the data that could be exploited by the classifier to learn a Clever Hans classification strategy. Therefore, the other samples in the outlier cluster need to be inspected further. This can be done by left clicking and dragging the mouse pointer to draw a selection around the samples. As an example, Figure 4 shows the samples from the tear-shaped outlier cluster.

.. figure:: ../../images/user-guide/how-to-analyze-classifiers-and-datasets/input-images-of-outlier-cluster.png
    :alt: Input Images of an Outlier Cluster in the Class Horse
    :align: center

>     Figure 4: The input images of the samples in an outlier cluster of the class horse.

Author: You are right, I removed half of them, 5 images remain. I think that is enough to bring the point across.

> Again, at first glance, the images don't seem to have anything in common feature-wise, that could be exploited by the classifier. But when looking closer, something catches the eye: each of the images has copyright notice at the bottom. Now the hypothesis, that the classifier exploits the copyright notice as a feature to classify the horses, can be formed. To prove or disprove this hypothesis, the actual features that the classifier used for the classification need to be identified. Right now, the input images are viewed in the sample viewer, but there are two other modes of viewing the samples: attribution and  overlay (cf. Figure 5).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Again, at first glance, the images don't seem to have anything in common feature-wise, that could be exploited by the classifier. But when looking closer, something catches the eye: each of the images has copyright notice at the bottom. Now the hypothesis, that the classifier exploits the copyright notice as a feature to classify the horses, can be formed. To verify this hypothesis, the actual features that the classifier used for the classification need to be identified. Right now, the input images are viewed in the sample viewer, but there are two other modes of viewing the samples: attribution and  overlay (cf. Figure 5).
```

Author: Accepted

.. figure:: ../../images/user-guide/how-to-analyze-classifiers-and-datasets/input-images-with-attribution-overlay-of-outlier-cluster.png
    :alt: Input Images of an Outlier Cluster in the Class Horse with Attribution Overlay
    :align: center

>     Figure 6: The input images of the samples in an outlier cluster of the class horse with the attribution heatmap superimposed onto them (sample vier display mode overlay).

Author: Same as for the input images: there are now only 5 images.

> This overlay proves the hypothesis, that the classifier uses the copyright notices at the bottom of the images as feature to make its classification decision, because the positive attribution (bright red and yellow regions) are on the image region that contains the copyright notice. In fact the classifier seems to almost exclusively rely on the copyright notice as there is very little to no positive attribution on the image regions that contain the horses. In some cases, the horses even have some negative attribution on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This overlay provides strong evidence in favor of the hypothesis, that the classifier uses the copyright notices at the bottom of the images as feature to make its classification decision, because the positive attribution (bright red and yellow regions) are on the image region that contains the copyright notice. In fact the classifier seems to almost exclusively rely on the copyright notice as there is very little to no positive attribution on the image regions that contain the horses. In some cases, the horses even have some negative attribution on them.
```

Author: Accepted

> If we no go on to select some of the other outlier clusters, we will find that each of these clusters represent the same kind of Clever Hans effect, although the copyright notice changes from cluster to cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we now go on to select some of the other outlier clusters, we will find that each of these clusters represent the same kind of Clever Hans effect, although the copyright notice changes from cluster to cluster.
```

Author: Accepted
